The broker is the core of the Scale0 project. It provides the application
logic and standards for peer and client connections. 

Peers are defined as other applications acting in the broker role, whether
they are other Scale0 brokers or provided by other means.

Clients are be frontends or backends, or coming from zeromq documentation
clients or workers.

Every attempt is made to stay in accord with any standards that exist
on the zeromq website, [ url goes here, working offline right now ]. The
other issues Scale0 offers solutions for are reliability, scalability and
mangement flexibility.

ARCHITECTURE
*** This design is going to make me need to go back over everything I've
*** already typed up. Thought of this today while at work, and I think it
*** should simplify the broker implementation.

Brokers will have two parts, Listeners and Routers. ( I'm not sold on the
name Listener yet, because it will do more ). At a minimum each Broker will
consume 2 threads. While it could be written to only consume 1, forcing a 2
thread minimum will be easier, and consuming only a single core would really
only be useful for dev/test implementations.

Listener - The Listener is what will provide the ports Clients and Workers
connect to and maintain communication with other peers. The Listener will
manage all configuration related tasks and will push all router/worker
requests down to Router threads.

Router - Router threads send Tasks to Workers, and send the Task Reply back
to the Listener who sends it Client who made the request.

The startup process for a broker will look like this.
 - Listener ioloop started.
 - Listener ioloop connects to any Peers and validates it's config.
 - Listener binds an inproc PUSH socket.
 - Listener kicks off Router ioloops.
 - Each router ioloop established a PULL socket to the Listener PUSH.
 - Listener validates Routers are connected.
 - Listener binds Worker socket and waits for at least 1 Worker to establish.
 - Listener binds Client socket and starts accepting requests.

 * Some things here. First, I need to validate that the Router threads can use
 * the Worker socket and share it. 
 *
 * Can inproc do PUSH/PULL?
 *
 * Maybe I should call out the fact that Workers need to be told to connect.
 * If that's the case maybe turning up the Client socket should be a manual
 * thing?
 *
 * OK... looks like the above probably is not going to work. Time to do some
 * research. Not dumping this until I fully invalidate the idea.

SERVICES

Scale0 brokers will provide the following services:

Service Discovery: In order to meet the requirements of being service
agnostic, service discovery will need to be built in. Worker clients will
be able to state the serivce(s) they provide on connection to the network
and change that configuration realtime. Other core services will be built
on this framework. 

Configuration: A peer or client on startup should only need to be informed
of at least one broker to connect to. It will the request the configuration
it needs on startup. Not all brokers will be required to provide 
configuration services. However, at least one server per network will need
to provide the service.

Heartbeat: Heartbeat will be the way that clients and peers are monitored
for availability. This will also be used to keep a configuration up to
date on configuration service brokers. Heartbeat service servers can be
configured to share their heartbeat table with other peers using push or
pull. For example, in a active/standby peer topology the master can receive
all heartbeart information and share it with the standby. Pull can be used
by peers requesting information about available workers clients.

Management: A built in http management server for the broker and network.
A command line mode will exist where the administrator can view and make
network level changes. Features will include listing all peers and clients,
the services offered and current state. Optionally some data can pushed
to remote services, useful for trending for example. Scale0 should ship
with an availble http based management front end, which should be disabled
by default. Security vs ease of administration should be an exercise left
for the maintainers of the network. [ this will need to be defined better
later ].

Brokers can define which services they provide services for, including
builtins or backend specified services.

CONFIGURATION
